Updated home (#2)
k8s-at-home/docs: docs/index.md

# Welcome

Welcome to the documentation for k8s@home which aims to support running [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) at home.

## Features

- Provide Helm charts to help define, install, and upgrade even the most complex Kubernetes application.

> - Provide container images that support [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) and multiple architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide container images that support [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) and multiple architectures, designed to run in a Kubernetes cluster.
```

## Support

- Having problems with a chart or container image? Open a new [issue](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose) or discuss in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) in the `#support` channel.

> - New idea? Discuss charts [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/discussions) or container images [here]() or in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) in the `#charts` channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New idea? Have a question? Start a discussion [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/organization/discussions) or in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/sTMX7Vh) in one of the dedicated channels.
```

Reviewer 2: I like @bjw-s edits
